This is generated by crawling product reports from The Observatory of Economic Complexity. 
By seeing the information of exports, imports, tariffs, one may have a better understanding on what products, 
such as raw resources or processed goods, a country supplies or demand. 
But one caveat is exports, imports and tariffs may not give a full picture of the product. 
If a product, named XYZ, is manufactured and consumed totally in the domestic market, 
and assume all relevants products throughout XYZ's supplay chain, no matter upstream or downstream, don't involve in ternational trade. 
Then, from the information of exports, imports, tariffs, you may not be able to have any understanding of XYZ.
But this is an extreme case. But there might be more common cases. 
I guess we can't conclude that a country is definitely lack of product A just because they are importing product A. 
Perhaps they want to maintain a nice relationship with country B by importing product A.
We can't conclude that a country has a lot of product C because they are exporting product C. 
What if they are forced to export the scarce product C? 
Or what if they are a middle country that transfer product C from country D to other countries in the world 
in order to avoid certain regulations or sanctions?
And some products are simply not covered in this list. For example, I didn't find information on missiles.
So you get the point that this list doesn't comprehensively reflect one country's production.
Moreover, there seems to be some mistakes. For example, the description of product Rubber hygienic, pharmacy items except contraceptives says
"The common uses of rubber hygienic, pharmacy items except contraceptives are for people who have skin sensitivities, 
such as condoms for people who have a latex allergy, or for people who have skin sensitivities to the products that are in other condoms."
But this is confusing given the product is except contraceptives and the description seems to say this product can be used for condoms.
From another Harmonized System Codes online resource, they describe the product as "Rubber; vulcanised (other than hard rubber), 
hygienic or pharmaceutical articles (excluding sheath contraceptives), with or without fittings of hard rubber", which seems to prove my point. 
